CastroGamer -- itch.io
6/24/2024
I ask you if it would be possible to make a version of the free skills mod, specifically for termina,
where every skill is unlocked from the start, meaning I never need to kill other contestants for their abilities,
but I still need to unlock the skills with soul stones.
edit: if it can be made for both, it would be even better, but prioritize termina if you can't
STATUS: Completed


Chandler Voss -- discord
6/20/2024
is it possible to add two slots in the first game just like in termina
two slots of accessories
STATUS: -


Mithara_Crabu -- itch.io
6/16/2024
Hello, Can I bother you with these? I have downloaded the "Playable Non-Playables" mod and they do not seem to work with your mods.
previously,  before I downloaded the "Playable Non-Playables" mod, your mod works just fine but when I downloaded the mentioned mod, it now doesn't.


Donkarasu -- itch.io
6/10/2024
For funger 1 is there i way for the mod to give me the items at a slower pace? (other than just setting the amount to 1 as opposed to 99)
Perhaps even say like a 1 time thing?
STATUS: On hold until i figure this out


Donkarasu -- itch.io
6/10/2024
So if I set items to be given to 1 over 99 I still hit 99 in amount fairly quickly since its on map change.
For example if I got 1 every other map change or perhaps on battle start instead.
Also perhaps a mod for slower  hunger and mind decay rate would be sweet. 
Cut preferably by half.
STATUS: On hold


Alucard -- discord
9/6/2024
(Free Skills Mod - BUG)
The mod didn't work unless you entered a fight on an old save
It works perfectly fine in a new game

DEV NOTE: This might be a problem in other mods as well
STATUS: On hold until i go back to work on this


Atlas20 -- itch.io
4/12/2025
Hello, I wanted to ask if it's possible to create a mod that gives you access to all the Charaters Skills in the Hexen in Termina without having to kill anyone.

I know the Gain All Skills mod already exists, but I think it would be more interesting to gradually acquire the skills little by little with the added benefit of not having to kill anyone else.

DEV NOTE: CastroGamer also suggested this
STATUS: Completed

ME
8/21/2025
The mod that shows the HP of limbs could be updated to use more accurate information for the torso HP.
basically, search inside troop events the HP requirement for when the torso dies and use that value to determine the torso HP.
if there is no such event page, just use the default enemy HP.
